but my happiness
it is with god
yes, many employees fear for those who have a pure heart
the subscript he was about to fall
because I saw the happiness of men and gods and I was jealous of these people
see me
until death he does not suffer so you have to ride in good health they
do not have the same worries as everyone else's misfortune that strikes others
go away from there
that's why they are swollen to collect and violence the envelopes
like a garment
eyes shine
in the middle of their claws
all those who imagine them in their hearts exceed the measure
it's called people their words are hard and is not taken into account
leroux bush insults even the sky and their language critical all over the earth
that's why the people are turning to them
they show their words like water
these people do not say
google knows nothing who is there at risk the icann is something
here are the people moser me
they increase their wealth quite quietly
it's really for nothing that I kept my pure heart
that I realized my hands to show my innocence
every day they hit me every morning we do not punish
I could talk like bad people
but then odile
I would betray children
so I thought about it and saw it was difficult
but when I entered your time
I understood
what are these people waiting for?
you read but on slippery roads for which disappear more quickly
suddenly they are finished
destroyed by fear
lord amount the erc they disappear konaré your clocks
how clear been injured
when I was deeply torn I was stupid I did not understand anything
I was like a beast in front of you
I'm always with you
you took by the hand that tells me that as you want
you will not receive a convenience store
this land I do not want to rub shoulders
and to heaven who else will be mine
or again and mocking may be worn but god and so strong hook they
have treasure forever
what gets away from being over
then destroyed
all those who pollute the air
but my happiness a month his detractors press
last week
you trust me
the